chatper 1.2 The foundations of artificial intelligence

question remaining :

1. so, is AI the system i want to build?
2. what is the definition of AI this book talking about?
    
    :my understanding is that,
    AI. simply, certain level of intelligence a system has, then called AI. there is no set definition of intelligence i would say.
    the level of intelligence, simply lies on the complexity and precision of the task, that suits the situation to be solved.
    it is simply the level of information acquiring, level of logical inference, giving out answers.
    so current AI, whether machine learning, deep learning, or simply rule based coding, are attempting to
    process information and give out answers, and continuity of this process.

    so if, data is acquired right, and they are logically, physically rightly processed,
    no need to mimic human intelligence whatsoever.
    for dumb people, they define intelligence, simple computer seem like AI.

    don't get hung up in the concept of AI.
    if a program can process information, give out answers, whether AI, deeplearning, machinelearning, or simple coding system, or even nature,
    it is AI and data processing system i want to build.

    what's important is - 
        what can it do, how much can it do.


    so whether use any technology, my goal is information integration, processing, decision making, and prediction

    next up. how is the automation of data processing, prediction, decision making being done today?
    i don't care about, recognizing speech, text understanding or things like that.
    even if it cannot talk, if it can make decision and predict, it is system of my needs.

    best and ideal is to build an indepedent entity, that can get task and perform task.
    in that, we will be able to make it understand, predict, and make decisions.

    llm's can generate text.
    in the process of generating text, isn't it making decisions based on learned information.
    which means, it is a decision making system.

[next up]

what is the current situation of decision making and future prediction systems?
how are these systems built?
should i just build a system first that searches and reads from research papers to guide me?